welcome to retro gamer Japan calm here
we've got a nice little family comp and
as usual the number one controller
doesn't work too well it's a little bit
mushy the number two of course it's
perfect here I'll show you the number
two right here you can see that this one
you know typical number two it's perfect
it's even got the little the plastic
cover part still there and everything
feels great so that here's the number
one we've got it in pieces and sure
enough the the little rubber membrane if
you can hope you can see that the little
rubber membrane is a scribe Center in
each other show you one there if you can
see that little crack you can see that
and there is another little crack right
there so that's the that's the bad part
it's a little bit dirty we'll clean that
up too I just took all the pieces apart
that was the up and down buttons
amazingly the a/b buttons they look
pretty good the membrane there on the
the rubber part on the a B it looks
pretty good so what I did was I knew I
needed another one of these parts so I
went scavenging and I found another
number one controller pulled it apart
but no no it's even worse so Chuck that
idea then I came across a really nice
number two and it's kind of dirty on the
outside it looks like it's been played a
little bit but the up-down left-right
rubber part it's a different color but
it's the same piece and it's perfect
well not perfect but it has no no holes
in it no cracks and it looks really good
so I'm going to clean this up put it in
here and if you've never seen here I'll
show you the inside of the number two
controller it's kind of neat alright
here's the number one for comparison
there's a number one board real simple
and you can see it there's the number
one board here is the number two board
and it's got that little the little
microphone in there a little speaker
microphone thing about it's pretty cool
went out there that and it also has the
oops here's the slider volume control
there
so so anyway I just wanted to show you
that now I'm gonna go ahead and go
downstairs clean this off and then put
it back together and test it and see see
what happens
okay so we'll stop pause now and I'll be
back in a minute okay we're back
we've cleaned all the parts and now we
just need to put it together so we put
the put the plastic pieces and that's a
piece from the yeah to control dummy
here's the white piece we know it's good
we've checked that out
got a piece back on top like that here's
our four way piece and that was bad on
the last one but we scavenged this one
from the this is there's the clean one
still looks good
put that back in there like that
Oh got it backwards it's kind of line up
right here
okay now all I need to do is put in the
put in the board for this and if you're
you know kind of confused about which
way the board goes in you just know that
these parts right here are the contacts
so they go right on top of this so it's
gonna go like that and there's one that
part right there kind of pops through so
you'll know when you get it when you get
it in there nice if you're not sure you
can take it back up take a look
it kind of just lays right in there like
that okay and now this cord just kind of
snakes around right there
and it's in there really nice yeah and I
clean this part too
just put it in water hit it with a
toothbrush and that goes on top there
and then I'll pause the video while I
put the screws in here and then we'll
give it a little final test and see how
it feels
okay so be back okay I've got everything
hooked up got the screws in and it feels
really good
nice good response so now what we'll do
is hook it up and put in my old old copy
of superbee I didn't even know what it
was first but it's fellow sorry not
superbee its twin B put it my old twin B
test or code twin B is good cause you
get to use the directional pad a lot
okay anyway be back in a second when I'm
testing controllers I like to use twin B
because I can move left right up and
down it really gives the controller a
workout and this feels feels great now
we've got the rubber parts back in there
and it just feels like it ought to so
thanks for watching the video please
stop by retro gamer Japan com we'd love
to see there